What? You're divorced?
Clear out
Lin Fang, are you stupid?
Your current salary is that high.
You can't eat and don't dress properly and divorce him
Forget the divorce, you're still out of the house
That house is the loan you bought and you are paying it off
Aren't you just torturing their family?
We are husband and wife
The house is my gift to her
You are generous with gifts
Why don't you give my house away?
Mom, I have nowhere to go, I can only go home first.
But I shouldn't be staying long
Come back to live oops
That won't work.
Lin Feng, you also know that this house is a two-bedroom
Mom and Dad live with our family, which is already very crowded
Where are you coming back to live?
I'll just sleep in the living room
Not even the living room
One more person is more inconvenient
You'd better go back to your own house
Lin Feng, your sister is right
Can't live at home
Your house is 40
I don't know how much more spacious it is than here
Mom
I just came back to stop for a few days
Don't you just tolerate me like that?
I paid for this house
Lin Feng, what do you mean?
Lin Feng
So this is your army?
We are all your relatives
Are you going to throw us all out on the street?
You go home now and apologize to the hero
Ask for his forgiveness
Even if he makes you kneel
You have to accept
Anyway.
Where are you getting remarried?